[ Music ]
>> Lilou: Hello, [inaudible].
Lilou here.
I'm on the road.
Today I'm in England in London.
It's sunny.
It's sunny in England
believe it or not.
The British are crazy.
>> Becky Walsh: We've
gone completely mad.
We're running around
without any clothes on.
It's really worrying.
Out there is a dangerous
place I can tell you.
Yes, there's many people that
look like lobsters just running
around going like this:
"We're in the sun."
>> Lilou: I think we're going
to have a good time
right now with Becky.
Becky is kind of
this [inaudible].
You have this humor
combined with intuition
and you're having a really
good time, aren't you?
>> Becky Walsh: I am.
I'm loving it.
It's absolutely great.
I think that there's
such a scary kind of idea
about intuition: "Oh,
you know things about me
that you couldn't
possibly know."
If you don't mix it with humor,
you're just going
to terrify people.
So it's much easier
to mix the two things.
>> Lilou: So when did you start
to be interested
about this intuition?
>> Becky Walsh: Well,
do you know --
actually, I think that this
comes back in childhood.
And it was something that
most people don't realize is
that there's a very strong link
between the intuitive
mind and being dyslexic.
So I'm actually dyslexic, and
dyslexic is really someone
who has more skills in the
right hemisphere of the brain
than they have in the left.
So in the same way that
if you lost your eyesight,
one of the other five senses
might step up to compensate.
So in the same way that I'm
really terrible with maths,
physics, chemistry, spelling,
remembering people's names --
in fact, sometimes even
remembering the word for
"spoon" -- because of that my
left hemisphere isn't working
quite in the same way.
So my right hemisphere of
the brain is compensating
for what's lacking in the left.
So really, what I discovered
about being intuitive is
that I would say things and
then -- in my childhood --
and then people would say,
"How did you know that?
Well, you shouldn't
say things like that.
You're not allowed to
say things like that."
And so then you learn
to keep your mouth shut.
That's usually what happens.
>> Lilou: So when did you reopen
and fully were okay
with being that way?
Because this is a big
deal in this society.
>> BW: Boys, boys.
It's always about boys.
So when I was a teenager,
of course, there's guys
that you fancy in school.
And then of course, your female
friends are so interested
in when you say,
"He fancies you."
"Oh, no he doesn't."
"Yes, he does."
"No, no. I don't think he does."
And then he asks her out and
they're like, "Oh my God.
How did you know?"
And so really, it was
me reading men when --
well, they weren't really men
-- me reading boys at school
and telling my female friends
what the boys were thinking
and what they were doing.
And that really sparked
it into becoming okay.
Whereas before it was spooky and
scary, and then it became okay
that this person has
an insight into things
that other people don't
see as commonplace.
But I think most people
don't see it as commonplace
because they close it down.
But we're all intuitive because
we all have a right hemisphere
of the brain.
>> Lilou: The title of
your book with Hay House?
>> BW: It's called  You
Do Know: Learning to Act
on Intuition Instantly
because I call myself an
"intuitive catalyst" and I
worked one-to-one with people
who are stuck on something.
And to me "stuck" is a holding
point while you're waiting
for more information.
And I use intuition to
provide that more information.
However, one of the things
that happens at the end
of the consultation
is the person goes --
I mean, apart from saying,
"Oh my God, you're amazing.
That was brilliant.
Thank you so much.
You've changed my life."
Well, sometimes.
They also say, "Do you
know, you've just confirmed
to me what I already knew."
So I kind of guess
I've written a book
to put my other business
out of business.
So maybe that's not so sensible.
But I've written a book that
literally teaches people how
to do what I could do
in a one-to-one session
for themselves so that
they become their own inner
psychologist, they become aware
of when they're closing
themselves down and how
to open their heart to other
people because you know
who to trust and you know
who you can feel safe
with in the world.
And really, then in that way we
can come together in community
and solve a lot of the
issues and problems
that we have in the whole world.
So it really is a global
shift of consciousness
from the thinking mind
to the intuitive mind.
>> Lilou: Is it the same thing,
then, the first impression?
>> BW: It kind of -- when you
say "the first impression" it's
because you have an instant
reaction to somebody:
I like them or I don't.
Now, actually what's
happening there is fascinating.
>> Lilou: Is this going to
be a great lover or not?
>> BW: Yeah.
[Laughter] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah. That has happened.
And to my cost I've
overlooked that a few times.
Anyway. But what's
actually happening
when you meet somebody is
the solar plexus chakra,
which comes out of here, it kind
of frisks people for information
and brings that information
into the sacral chakra,
which is about four fingers
below the belly button.
And the sacral chakra interprets
that information into the gut.
Now, we actually have
a brain in the gut.
And it's actually made of
some of the same matter
as the brain in our heads.
So it's actually a proper
brain -- that's not a metaphor;
we have a brain in the gut.
And so the gut brain
interprets on the gut reaction
to see whether or not we need
to run away from something.
So it's in charge of what
you might call the four Fs
that are in the brain.
So the most common of the four
Fs we really understand is the
flight or fight response.
So we'll go, "I feel
it in my stomach;
I need to move away
from that person.
That person's not
a good person."
So we'll have a gut-led
reaction.
And then quite often
our psychology will fill
in the blanks and say, "Oh,
they're really negative," or,
"Oh, they're really
awful person."
In actual fact they might just
remind you of your math teacher.
And it might be that your math
teacher was kind of, like,
rude to you at school, or made
you scared, or humiliated you.
So really, the gut instinct
can't always be trusted
because it's so linked
to our ego, and our fear,
and our psychology in that way.
So in a way, as the world
is made on polarities,
it only makes sense that there
is a second form of intuition
because everything is
in a form of opposite.
So you have love on one side and
fear on the other, and up, down,
and north and south poles.
So we have all of
these opposites.
So one of my biggest revelations
was that in my teaching
of intuition I've just been
teaching about gut reaction.
But there is a second form of
intuition, which is what I write
about in the book  You Do Know ,
which is the heart-led
intuition,
which is when you feel
expansive and really excited
about something,
especially boys.
And so you have this heart-led,
"Yes, this is correct.
This is the right
thing for me to do."
And Caroline Myss
describes this as kind
of like living at altitude.
So it's fast, it's
fast-thinking,
it's not stressful
because you know.
So in actual fact, all of those
reactions that you're having
in the gut, it's quite important
because when we have a fight
or flight response, the blood
leaves the stomach area and goes
to the arms and legs, which
means that we are going
to fight the saber-toothed
tiger or we're going to run
from the saber-toothed tiger.
And it's all over
fairly quickly:
You're dead or you made it.
So there isn't a lot to do.
Now, in the modern world
we're stressed quite often.
It can be "There's
an email in my inbox.
Flight, fight."
And of course, the
blood having moved
from the stomach is then
going into the legs and arms.
Now it was doing something
really useful in the stomach:
It was actually helping
the digestive system,
which means that lots of people
get IBS and horrible reactions
to things because they're not
digesting food in the same way.
And also it's helping the
immune system do its function.
So really what I'm suggesting by
using our heart-led intuition --
and I say we can't turn
off the gut instinct
and neither would I -- but you
can access the heart intuition
by becoming curious,
simply by becoming curious
about what you fear from the
gut, then you become curious,
and then your heart opens and
it starts to give you answers
that the gut alone
just can't give you.
And by being able to
use the two things
in combination we understand
what really is a hope's fear,
the fear of something in the
future that we haven't even come
across and probably never will,
and fear of "Yes, actually,
that is a saber-toothed tiger,
and you do actually
need to run."
So by working with the
heart-led intuition,
you're lowering your
stress levels,
you're helping the
immune system.
And you're really expanding
from your heart instead
of using your head as your
logical thinking pattern
to make decisions all the time.
>> Lilou: So you live longer.
>> BW: Yeah.
And look prettier,
which is true.
You live longer; you
haven't got stress
and worry lines quite as much.
So yeah. And you have much more
fun to do the thing in life
that you're supposed to be
doing, which is being happy.
You just forgot.
We forgot to be happy,
you know, because we think
that happiness comes at the
end of a whole list of jobs
and it really doesn't.
It's like the whole list of
jobs will just keep coming.
And strangely, when you
choose happiness, you know,
the jobs kind of disappear.
And when you have to make
decisions really quickly you're
like, "I know.
I know that's a decision.
I make that decision instead
of analyzing, and worrying,
and over-thinking, and getting"
-- as my mother would call it --
"your knickers in a twist."
>> Lilou: You British.
I love it.
How -- and imagination --
some people think it's their
imagination making things up
or dreaming; how do you
make the difference?
>> BW: Well, part of it
kind of is your imagination.
And I think that you can't
underestimate the amazingness
of your imagination.
So practically everything
that we're surrounded by,
perhaps apart from the flowers,
came from somebody's
imagination.
So in a way the intuition
acts with the imagination.
They're like the
same cinema screen.
And by acting with the
imagination it gives us the
opportunity to create
amazing things.
So the intuition gives
you the information,
plays it out on the imagination
chalkboard or video screen,
and then you're able
to be creative
and start changing the world
for the better hopefully.
>> Lilou: But the intuition,
what is the difference?
How is it different between the
intuition and the imagination?
How do we know exactly for sure
that this is really
the intuition?
Are there some symptoms?
>> BW: Yep, yep, yep.
So how you can tell
the difference is
by becoming curious.
And the curiosity,
if it's right,
it will feel open and expansive.
If it's your imagination,
it won't change.
But in actual fact,
there's quite a few tools
that people think is intuition.
For example, people think
that your emotions
are your intuition,
or your imagination's
your intuition,
or that one of the claires like
clairvoyance is your intuition.
But in actual fact,
they're all gateways
to access what you already know.
So the intuition is received.
You already have the
intuition -- it's received --
it's finding ways of being
able to access that intuition.
And imagination's one
of the activation points
to read your intuition, to
know you're intuition rather
than it being just
your intuition.
But you'll know the
difference between, you know --
so for example, if a Mack truck
goes past and you're in love
with a guy called Mack,
you're going to be going,
"It's a sign, it's a sign."
But then you go, "Okay."
So you become curious about it,
and then you just go, "Yeah,
there's half a dozen
Mack trucks in the world.
It's really not -- that's
not my intuition at all.
Let go. Let go of
the Mack truck."
So then we can actually get back
into that feeling in your heart.
And you go, "Yeah, okay.
That's wishful thinking,
my imagination.
It's not my intuition."
>> Lilou: Yeah.
Because signs, we
see signs everywhere
when we want to, don't we?
>> BW: Yeah, we do.
And I really feel that a lot
of the signs that we see --
if you think about how, I
mean, people read tarot cards
and they say, "Oh, this
tarot card is telling me."
Well, no, the tarot
card's not telling you.
The tarot card is giving you the
access to the right hemisphere
of your brain because
the right hemisphere
of the brain sees
things as a whole
and sees things in pictures.
So it gives access to the
right hemisphere of the brain,
which is, again, where the
intuition kind of comes
in rather than the
left hemisphere,
which sees things in parts.
So with the right hemisphere
having that knowing and all
of that information coming
in through that side,
then what we're doing is
we're able to see things
as a whole rather
than seeing it apart.
And that is really
what intuition is,
is seeing things as a whole.
But it's only through
accessing our intuition
through that mental concept.
We then have to turn it into
words, and that's usually
when it gets a bit sabotaged.
>> Lilou: How does that
work in relationship?
Meeting the one?
I know that a lot of
single women out there --
lot of women are
single; men, too --
and they keep on
meeting some men,
have the intuition,
maybe not fully.
How does that play a
role in the singleship?
Is that something we can say?
>> BW: We can say that, yeah.
We can say that.
So I believe in the
right one for right now.
I believe that relationships
are our greatest learning tool.
And so it's not always
about, like, is he the one?
In other words, well,
you're not going to know
that until you're
85, 95 to see whether
or not it had the longevity.
But can it be the right one
for really developing your soul
and who you are as a person?
Because you only
know who you are
in relationship to
what you're not.
So then when you meet someone,
they can be a really great
catalyst in a relationship
for you really understanding
yourself.
Relationships are a great
understanding program.
So really, the true
love that you find
in a relationship is self-love
if it's actually a
relationship that's working
because you see yourself in
relationships to somebody else.
But in regards to whether
or not somebody's going
to be a positive catalyst
for your self-love
or actually take away your
self-love because believe me,
it takes longer to find lost
self-esteem than a new love.
So we want to be careful with
our self-esteem because it's one
of our valuable assets; it's so,
so important to keep hold of.
So when we start going and
making excuses for people,
when we say things like,
"Oh, it's not his fault.
He's just come out of a
really bad relationship,"
or, "It's not her fault.
She didn't have a really
great father," or [inaudible]
and then we're allowing
them to kind of abuse us
and make us feel
bad about ourselves.
So again, the gut instinct
will probably tell you avoid.
But then if you've been hurt
before, the gut instinct's going
to actually tell you
just to avoid members
of the opposite sex
completely across the board.
So then it's using the heart-led
intuition via the curiosity
to read whether or
not it's your fear
because you've been
hurt in the past.
That's saying, "Move
away," or it's blind,
desperate hope that's
telling you to move towards.
So just become curious.
And there's a great
test that you can do,
which is write the name of
the person on a piece of paper
and then have a blank
piece of paper.
Fold them up, shake them around
a little bit so you can't tell
which is which, then stand up
straight -- really straight --
and put one of pieces of
paper over your heart.
Now you will either move forward
the piece of paper towards it,
or you'll move away
from the piece of paper,
or you'll stay neutral.
If it's the piece of
paper with nothing on,
the chances are you'll
have no reaction.
If it's the piece of paper
with the person's name
and you move forward towards
it, it means that they're kind
of good for you or your body
thinks they're good for you.
And if you move away from the
piece of paper, then you need
to start to become very
curious and be very aware
of what reaction you're having
because that's your body saying,
"No, I'm not comfortable
with this."
>> Lilou: Because the body, even
the heart, the body has this --
wants to -- is drawn towards --
that's part of the intuition,
too, because it sometimes
can be misleading.
We can be attracted, too,
but that's not really
the intuition playing its
role there.
Lot of things are
happening in the body.
>> BW: Well, I think that
sometimes you can look
into somebody's eyes and
it's like you recognize them.
There's something -- like,
there's a soul connection,
there's some kind of boom moment
where you go, "I
know this person."
And I think when you have
those really intense kind
of reactions, you've
really got to pay attention.
It could be, you know -- you
could kind of think, "Well,
I paid attention to this
amazing reaction I had
and it didn't work out."
But what was the
connection that you had?
So I mean, I have to tell
you, I had a connection
like that with a guy in Dublin.
I was working in
Dublin as a speaker.
And we went for a
drink in a bar after.
And I walked into the bar
and I had this huge reaction.
Now, of course, the
guy's good-looking,
so it's not like I'm having huge
reactions over Mr. Ugly here.
And my friend was like,
"Stop looking at him."
I was like, "I can't help it."
It's like, just this
[inaudible].
And it was across the whole bar.
Like, everyone in
the bar could see it.
It was tangible.
And so, of course, on the
way out I did the card flick.
Have you seen this before?
You go and you just
pass him your card.
So I did the card
flick on the way out.
Now, he tried to get
in touch with me.
Unfortunately, he
lived in Canada
so we couldn't have
actually been together.
We corresponded for
a little while.
Then all of a sudden there's all
of these things coming
up about Canada.
And you're like, "Okay.
So is this actually about him?
Or was this another thing
telling me that I need to go
to Canada because there's
something in Canada either
for my work or something else?"
And so then you start
to think, "Okay.
Well, that didn't work out, but
it was a catalyst to trigger me
into thinking about going to
Canada, one of the few places
in the world I've not been."
So next year I'm
going to Canada.
So maybe that wouldn't
have happened if it wasn't
for this funny meeting
in a bar in Dublin.
So it's not always what we
think or hope it's about.
It can be something, a big,
big thing that's much bigger
than we could have
ever imagined.
>> Lilou: Do you work
also with spirit guides?
>> BW: No, I don't.
I used to.
But what started to happen is --
you know we talk about oneness.
And this is going to be quite
a jump in what I'm saying.
I've actually written
an e-book about this
because it's such a huge jump.
But I used to really
believe in spirit guides --
I could feel them,
I talked to them,
I had all of these
connections but I can't tell --
>> Lilou: Lots of friends?
>> BW: I had lots of
dead friends, yes.
But I kept asking this question:
"Well, if this is such a thing,
where are you guiding me?"
Like, where is spirit
guiding me?
And then I suddenly got to a
point where I understood it.
And I'll just try and
simplify it in this way:
It's as if you're
a drop in an ocean.
And in order to understand
that you're a drop in an ocean,
you have to elevate
yourself out of the ocean.
So in the sense, like,
become like rain to be able
to see the vastness,
and the divinity,
and the amazingness
of the ocean.
And then you go back to
being a drop in the ocean.
So you have everything that is
in the ocean in that one drop.
So if we change the word
"ocean" for "universe"
and interchange the word
"drop" for being you,
you have everything that's in
the universe inside of you.
So in actual fact,
there is no separation
between you and spirit.
And therefore, there
is no thick separation
between you and spirit guides.
And I started to believe
that most of the guides
that I was talking to
were actually archetypes
of a higher element of myself
and not separate people.
But in actual fact what
they were trying to guide me
to is understanding oneness.
Rather than understanding,
"Oh, they're protecting me,"
it was actually understanding
that I actually have everything
that I need and they
were actually guiding me
into self-love because there's
no they and there's no us.
It's kind of a oneness.
But it's quite hard
to understand.
And I think understanding
spirit guides is fantastic
because it's one
step in the direction
of understanding consciousness,
but it is not the final step.
And when we get stuck on the
idea of guides, we get stuck
on the idea of a physical
world and the spirit world,
rather than getting
into the wholeness
of consciousness itself.
So yes and no, if that
makes sense in order
to answer that question.
>> Lilou: And how that
change of perception or of --
how did that change relating
to your guides this way?
What did it change in your own
practice or in your intuition?
>> BW: I stopped
giving my power away.
I stopped thinking that there
was something outside of me
that actually was going to guide
me, had all of the answers.
And by stopping giving
my power away,
I actually realized not just --
you know, this sounds like
a strange thing to say --
not how powerful I am,
how powerful we are.
I suddenly realized that we
have everything that we need.
And rather than actually giving
my power away to something
that was going to in
essence save me from my pain,
that was going to help me
avoid pain, that was going
to help me make no
bad decisions,
that was actually going to --
in actual fact, I suddenly
realized that I love my pain.
I love some of my
terrible decisions
because I've learned from them.
And I've grown.
And in actual fact,
every difficult thing I've ever
experienced, if you said, "Okay.
Well, we'll eradicate that,
we'll get in the  Doctor
Who  Tardis and we'll go back
in time, and we'll stop
that from happening."
I'd say, "No, I needed that."
And so in actual fact, then, why
do I need someone to guide me
from something that is actually
part of my life's calling
and my life's purpose is to
go through difficult times?
It's what we make of the
difficult times that define us
as human beings, is whether
or not you make it mean
that it's weakened you or
whether or not you make it mean
that it strengthened you.
Now, that might make it sound
like I come from a privileged --
really never had anything
difficult ever happened
to me in my life.
I've had plenty of what would
be on paper difficult things.
I'm hugely grateful
for all of them.
So then are they
difficult now in hindsight?
And then the ones that I
don't feel I was successful
at I've rewritten.
So I've literally rewritten
some of the thoughts
that I have had about things.
Rather than saying, "This really
terrible thing happened to me,"
I now kind of, like, think, "Oh,
this really fascinating thing
happened to me that I needed,
especially for my clients
or to have an understanding
of the world at large."
So yeah, I'm not into
avoiding pain and I'm not
into using intuition to avoid
pain; I'm into using intuition
to live an invigorated
and exciting life
that you're not scared of.
It doesn't -- because
I don't fear pain.
I'm kind of, like,
curious about it.
And then therefore, it
transforms the idea of pain
into being something so much
more beneficial to who you are
because it's only your
decision that it's painful.
And you can change
your mind about it.
>> Lilou: How do you in painful
moments use your intuition?
Is that easy to access,
or is it a bit harder?
And do you have things to put
back yourself in the flow,
I guess, and be intuitive again?
>> BW: I think, you know, I love
throwing my toys out of the pram
and having a right old moan.
I mean, I'm British.
We love moaning.
So I'll throw my toys out of the
pram, I'll have a big old moan,
and I have what I call the
"24 hours I scream-a-thon"
where really I scream.
And I will be miserable.
It's great.
And it's like, I never
go for the whole pint,
but I'll have a good
old freaking whinge.
I will whinge about things.
And then I'll snap
out of it and realize
that in actual fact I probably
should be feeling grateful
about it, but I just can't
right now and I will tomorrow.
And then I wake up in the
morning and I just go, "Oh yeah,
that was interesting."
It's just another
way of me expressing
that I can't get what I want
and I'm screaming about it.
But in actual fact, I know
that the universe knows
what's good for me.
And when I stop screaming about
what I think is good for me
and get back into flow,
it's just me telling
that I'm not in flow.
But while you're not in flow,
you have to go with not being
in flow instead of, then,
fighting not being in flow
because then you're
doing twice the fighting
that you were doing before.
So one level of fighting
is enough.
So succumb to your screaming
inner child for 24 hours
and then just get the heck over
it and get on with your day.
It's much easier.
>> Lilou: I love it.
I'm having such a great time.
Oh my God.
What else is in that book?
What else is important message
for to you get out
there these days?
>> BW: I think the biggest
message in the whole
of the book really takes
it out as far and as wide
as Albert Einstein saying
that we cannot continue
with the same level
of consciousness
that created the problems
that we've currently got.
And to me, that level
of consciousness is
the thinking mind.
And it's brilliant idea to
be able to kind of, like,
go into oneness or be in,
you know, like, the now,
or mindfulness, or brilliant
when you're in your bedroom.
It's great being an angel when
your feathers are not ruffled.
But human beings
are really annoying.
They are so annoying.
And they do things I don't like.
And how dare they?
And so by becoming curious
and intuitively reading
where people are coming
from, I can read and go, "Oh,
you're acting like that because
you're actually scared of me;
or I'm triggering you by my
behavior; or it's something
about me that reminds
you of someone you knew."
And rather than becoming an
actor in somebody else's story,
I can intuitively catch
myself and kind of go, "Okay.
You're being like this, which
is causing me to be like that.
And if I can intuitively
stop being like that
because I know it's me
causing you being like that,
we can come together."
In actual fact, we could solve
all the problems in the world
by coming together in community.
And we don't because we
are secretly terrified
of other human beings.
And society allows you to
become even more terrified
by telling you how
awful they are.
And one of the things
that I find fascinating --
and I know that this is
very true in the UK --
that the crime rate over the
last 150 years has been going
down, and down, and down.
And the fear of crime has
been going up, and up, and up.
And what's unfortunate
about that is it makes
us lead very small lives.
And all of the things
that we hear on the news
that we just take
for granted is true.
If we used our intuition
we'd be like, "Yeah, no."
You know, I was listening
to the news the other day
and there was somebody
saying -- an expert --
who said that "The
probability of breast cancer
in women will have doubled
by the year blah-blah-blah."
And I'm like, "Since when
was probability news?
You know, an expert has come
up with an assumption
based on something.
Well, that's brilliant."
And now, all of a sudden I'm in
the bathroom poking my left one,
trying to work out
whether or not --
and of course, what am I doing?
I'm manifesting.
Like, "Yeah, no."
So by becoming curious
I go, "Oh, yeah.
You were short of
a news story today.
Nothing was happening;
everyone was sun bathing
in England wearing
very small Lycra pants.
And so nothing bad was happening
because everyone was
having a good time.
So you had to come up with
something to fill your hour,
so you came up with that.
Oh, brilliant."
And of course, by understanding
with curiosity that whether
or not something is
true or not for you --
because it might not be true
for you that you're going
to get breast cancer, it
might not be true for you
that what you're eating is bad
for you, it might not be true
for you, you know,
all of these things --
knowing what is true for
you means that you can feel
so much less stress
and feel much happier.
And again, when it
comes to relationships,
when you know what's
true for you,
when you know what you value
and where your values are,
and you use your values
as compass, then you know
who to make friends with because
you know who resonates with you
and you know who you
can connect with.
So really the book is kind
of like a peaceful revolution
from thinking to knowing but in
the world, not in your bedroom,
not through meditation --
in the world because
curiosity is a meditation.
So you travel a lot.
Yeah. So it's like you know
when you go to a new place
and you're, like, looking at the
tops of buildings and you're,
like, looking at the cracks on
the pavement and you're going,
"This is really hot, and it's
England, and it's bizarre."
And then there, oh,
you're in another country
and it's freezing
cold or the smells
and things -- it's so different.
And you're curious.
And then if you notice
that people will help
you with your bag.
They will chat you up and
they'll flirt with you.
And you're like, "This
doesn't happen at home."
It's not that the
world has changed
and that you must go
traveling in order
to experience the beauty
of humanity; it's the fact
that you became beautiful
because you became curious.
And we're not curious
when we're at home.
And by being curious, all of
the things that we're kind
of looking for start to find us.
And it's just such a wonderful
thing to do in your hometown
because all of the love and
excitement that you experience
when you're out traveling
the world comes to you
because you're being curious.
You're becoming the
person who is the traveler,
but you're doing
it in your home.
It's lovely.
>> Lilou: Protection, is there
anything as such as protection
that you feel you
need or call forth?
>> BW: This is one
of my pet [inaudible]
because it's the same thing
as when you're unhappy,
being unhappy about it.
So it's like when you believe
that you need protection,
then you are in the
consciousness of the energy
that you are in fear, and then
you're completely in alignment
with the idea that
you need protection.
Then therefore, you're open
to the thing that you need
to protect yourself against.
It's very interesting.
There's a little
apple pip experiment
where you get some
pips from the inside
of an apple and let
them dry out.
Then you open a fresh apple --
it sounds like open
it like it's a jar.
Anyway, you slice open an apple
and you put the apple pips
on white paper about an
inch away from each other.
You'll start to see that the
healthy apple pips have kind of,
like, a white line around
them, like a circle.
And in sense you could say
that that's the energetic
aura of the apple pips.
And then, as you kind of,
like, rest your eyes and kind
of just stare in
between the two of them,
you'll see a white line
going towards the drying
out apple pips from
the healthy apple pips.
So what this tells me --
>> Lilou: Doing all those
interesting experiment,
aren't you?
>> BW: I just have a
very scientific mind.
And I'm just never
willing to kind of, like,
take things at sort of
face value, which is why
in  You Do Know  it's all
about how this works,
not just it works.
It's how it works.
I've copied it up with
neuroscience, and psychology,
and medical science, and pulled
all of these pieces together
to actually make a
very defined picture.
And so what the apple pip
experiment tells us is
that when we are, say for
example, visiting somebody
in hospital or we're with
a friend who's moaning --
welcome to England -- if we're
with a friend who's moaning
or things that are difficult,
we are actually giving
away our energy.
There's no such thing
as energy vampires.
They're not sucking.
You know, we are actually
giving away our energy
with our own free will.
And then we walk
away and go, "My God,
that person's exhausting."
And in actual fact, it was us
that was allowing ourselves
to give away that energy.
So literally when we're talking
about protection I
would say care less.
Stop caring.
If you stop caring about people,
then you'll stop
giving away your energy.
But good luck with that because
we're biologically designed
to care.
So the main thing is, is
how much are you caring?
How active is your solar plexus
frisking people for information
to see if the world's
a scary place?
You know? So the more
we believe in ourselves,
the less our energy
can be drained.
So the best form of protection
is believing in yourself
and not believing that you
need to turn around three times
and spit or cover
yourself in white light.
It's really just about knowing
in your heart, "I am okay,
and the universe loves
me, and I am safe."
That's all you really
need to know.
And so putting on protection
actually says the opposite.
>> Lilou: Brilliant.
I love it.
To close this conversation,
is there really a message
that is important
to you to share,
or to summarize, or to say?
>> BW: I think really --
you know, it's a funny one
because I think it's --
I almost want to not say
anything because I want
to say believe in yourself, you
know, that you do know it's all
about knowing that
you are right,
and knowing that you have
everything that you need,
and knowing that you
don't really need to come
and see people like me
because -- but please do --
because all the answers are
already available to you.
So please stop worrying
about stuff, and stressing
about stuff, and put happiness
on the front of your agenda,
and put self-love at the
center of everything.
And really, by you doing that,
you'll make the world a
much, much, better place.
Believe me.
It's wonderful.
>> Lilou: Thank you for
bringing so much sunshine.
>> BW: Thank you so much.
It's all me.
Yes, I created the
sunshine today.
Although everyone outside
is going, "It's too hot."
Oh well.
>> Lilou: It's wonderful.
Thank you so much, Becky.
Thank you, my [inaudible]
co-creators
for watching this
video wherever you are.
The title of your book again?
>> BW:  You Do Know:
Learning to Act
on Your Intuition Instantly .
>> Lilou: Instantly.
Right here, right now.
Big kisses.
Much, much love.